Appunti random in case.



rappresentazioni autoimpostasi,in che modo interpretare
I nuovi coportamenti e richieste da parte dei P all interno del
loro rapporto con la P, richieste, nuove?, nuovo se da poco e 
nuove caratteristiche, ma non nella suddivisione dei compiti?, 
non uno sfith nelle mansioni di genere, espressione della P, 
P espesso come rapporto tra l ambiente e il M. riguardo ai ruoli e amiti,
adattameno e dinamica con la M  e F, 
diverse cindizioni e possibilita con il Finfluiscono interazioni,
il vantaggio della M e solo conseguenza delle condizioni sociali 
favorevoli, dalla "divisione dei ruoli" 
rapporto e propersioni dell p sull f, se non orotezione, 
attivita e sviluppo linguaggio, m se si considera solo il 1
allora si potrebbe essere limitati, 
ma cio puo dannegiare anche le M, in quanto enorme responsabilita se 
il loro unica fonti di modelli rapporti fin dall inizio
concetto del P introdotto dalla parola della M, all F
introduzione di un ruolo da parte e in relazione alla M
nonostante una maturita (si spera) del P e la sua partecipazione all F
cosa dovrebbe e come dovrebbe funzionare la sua definizione / ruolo?
in passato, o almeno il suo principio, si basava sul P
come funzione solciale, intromettersi nella dicotomia F e M e introdurre il F nella
societa in quanto lui partecipe piu della M in essa e come tramite tra i due ambienti
dando per scontato il non ruolo della M in quello e per questo natura giuridica 
nell assegnazione dell co g nome.
role bicefalo introduce F to the civil role.
different responsese to same action from M and P.
coz different way? (ok so, in the interview, the F not crimbling n him and not asking attention
, it a response, and acceps the fact that he doesnt keep it, while he doesnt accept it in the M.
independece from his action.) more suitable in occasion of presence, 
the M more confortable while the P allow a faster evolution.
"when your P get s back" autority trought distance, a role, that the M can only announce.
so proximity means weaker bonds? it seems that , as teacher do, even in proximity autority can exist.
also roles so stiff dont alwats are confortable.
anyway setting a practice tips genderless can help set the mood for a new type of P.
certain discouse should still keep in mind the masculinity that isnt lost in the new P.
and tips from the M on how to deal with the preoccess of the P.
ven if the its knows a limit on the espresiviness can impeded to express to the F.
but it can due to the implied role of the M. this limit is set in the rappresentaion of M and P.
ok so, we can see how 2/3 doesnt define the P on base of its job, (they talk more of it if its
a liberal job or not just a factory worker), most of the ones that set its absence come from
high class. a different and more franc complicity, a differentway to show affection?
the P. as someone to rely on, socual roles are sentitive to society evolution.
so, from salary man, to presence, from protector to being.
finding excuses to avoid admitting wanting to spend time togheter.
limits in the expression but undoubtaly there.
the P model is accepted only if sutle, presence, how to set knowwing the F withought knowig 
everything, and conflic isnt liked to distance, it seems.
if my eyes burn and my view is darkened its nothing, I am just crying,
the process to the P seems to start from society aking them to set autority.
how can that be considering that this is in regards of the 20%.
even if they can get nostragic on the good old values, it was mostry done to fear and punishment.
today the tone can be used while the latter not so much.
lack of immagination make that to research old recipes with "proven" results.
there is no more a law of the father but more the words of a father that limuts himself
from going into a sèhere (the ones for loom ect) as private, and more on life and choices.
70% of the audience consider it fundamental and it recognized.
too much allarm on consequesnces puts the M and the P in constant pressure.
too many references, its intersting how the role of the P is seen in a perpective
of nanny991, in which even if the action is present and a formula present the father
gets limited aspace and castized for it by everyone.
defects are seen when the P isnt able to get the contract mode modern.
it has to be present without being where no asked to.
tips and transportation adn verify as the role of the P in instruction.
what does the P transmit? affection is considered a deficit in the intruction.
is trasmission just the reprouction of the model (can we say he doesnt get anyting from the P and that
he loses role and strngh just coz the F is not like him?)
it seems that transmission is more focused on the habitus of the F.
monogamy, couples of same social level. how does it transmit?
transmission as a oblige, education is recibed not discussed.
what about a weak transmission, absence, and negotiated, in which someone 
negotiate what to keep or leave we see the case of general costeau who doesnt want the F
to use its surname and sues him on that. 
volumose transmission: in which the oast of the P can follow the F and thus choose to
shut or to precise not to be missunderstood.
what about the recognized transmission: going beyond the image fo the P
and instead on the movement of the transmission, being able to ereditary
means admitting of having lost something and developing the potencial on other
territory.
or just ignoring any possible transmission.
or a failed transmission, in which a lack of understanding or interest make it empty.
and doesnt leave anything as something to get rid of.
a transmission is also a job for the F in which he has to understand the meaning of
it to understand better the P if he wants to and keep what truly it is.
or also as a role of the P to leave the F as a family, he knows his role and
chooses its ways adaptiong to the F.
knowing the P, first for its role, job, clear even at 8.
altrought we cannot count anymore on the transmission of job/ mansion, (75% doesnt)
value, references and knowledge is what its transmitted.
aproach on job, action, anyway keeping a siguarette in the mouth causes the eye to cry.
the P is a stand, it seems that its easier to admit a similarity with the P that with the M.
ok so about le F and the P, normally untill 12-14 all is more of the same but the reasons of bnot 
comunication are due to limits precieved and lack of time, also il F tends to not do so
for privacy while le F for fear not being understood and time.
le F aspect protection while il F aspects acts.
this openess leaves out the older ones and normally M dont recognize it plently.
but you can feel like you lst somehing only if you understand admit the one new.
time as investement (with play and do) for future trust.
still incongruent about how the P see autority/tips and the F receptor on his role.
ok so, whats set for the P, for those after te 68, £reality principle"
also some tips about how to leave it bore and the importance of that kind of time.
or the different aproatch to effort.
asking the M, 70% gets the right P while the rest think its too low or strict.
still need for him in the scholing aspect.
complains on the both extremes high / low, both requiere to be less
dependant in that role and more time to developt a role.
so, it seems we have different sensibility between the P and the M.
about how the F is the parent, in which the F checks the kind of ability it searches and fines 
it in others giving them the role to act on them.
padria podesta conjunct, now who s still the head, dependsing on social role 
the P still have a small advantage but social and role influence too.
how the F see the P influences when or about what will he ask for help on relationships.
M dont aspect the P to talk about that while P thinks its an argument.
influence chanels, the economic and spense request to the m It seems (historical kinda)
psycology was based on the role of the M, from kinder and the rest.
frases like "say this to the M" even if he showes present or giving for
granted an incability to action.
dealing with the end in not forcefully forgetting or keeping imbalsamated.
admitting, immortality is the continous generation of knowledge.


here the changes